docs(dwh): Add PN doc MTA-6835 (#6026)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/data-warehouse/how-to/use-private-networks.mdx

<Requirements />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- [Created a Private Network](/vpc/how-to/create-private-network/)

## How to create a Private Network

This action must be carried out from the Private Networks section of the console. Follow the procedure detailed in our [dedicated Private Networks documentation](/vpc/how-to/create-private-network/).

## How to attach a Data Warehouse for ClickHouse® deployment to a Private Network

1. Click **ClickHouse®** under **Data & Analytics** on the side menu. The Data Warehouse deployment page displays.

2. Click the name of the Data Warehouse deployment you want to attach to a Private Network. The overview tab of the deployment displays. 

5. In the **Network** section, click **Attach Private Network**.

6. Select an existing Private Network from the drop-down menu, or create a new one.

> 7. Click **Attach to Private Network** to confirm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Network** section, click **Attach Private Network**.

4. Select an existing Private Network from the drop-down menu, or create a new one.

5. Click **Attach to Private Network** to confirm.
```
